README.md, before:

# Jomics

Jomics is a simple comic reader server.

Features:
 * Supports cbz and cbr
 * Basic `ComicInfo.xml` support  (Probably it can be developed further.)
 * Folders
 * No configuration files, no databases, no webservers etc.
 * The only dependencies is libc and the kernel.

![jomics](jomics.png "Jomics screenshot")

## Installation

You need the golang toolchain version 1.16 or newer. Then clone the repo, and run

`go get && go build`

All data will be embedded into the `jomics` binary. It is not possible to build
jomics free of libc dependencies due to build constraints in the `go-unarr` package.
`go-unarr` is used to read cbr and cbz.

## Usage
```
Usage of ./jomics:
  -addr string
        Server address. (default ":4531")
  -root string
        Comic collection root.
  -th int
        Front page thumb nail size. (default 400)
  -webroot string
        For reverse proxy servers use.
```
When jomics starts it will start with generate front cover thumb nails of all new album.
If you change the thumb nail size, new thumb nails will be generated.
Then point your favorite browser to `localhost:4531` if you are using the address.

## Security
There is none. It is just a comics reader server.

## Privacy
No personal data is stored by jomics, neither server side nor as cookies ETC on the client.
Jomics behaves precisely as physical comic albums. (Except that the comic albums are sorted alphabetical when
presented) You have to book mark where you are if you can't remember, and you have to sort your albums yourself
into different shelves (directories) as well.

## Third party packages
 * The folder icon is taken from http://www.clker.com/clipart-simple-file-folder.html (resized & included)
 * The CSS framework used https://picocss.com/ (included)
 * http://github.com/OpenPeeDeeP/xdg for cache directory.
 * http://github.com/disintegration/imaging is used to resize images.
 * http://github.com/gen2brain/go-unarr for uncompressing zip and rar archives.

## Future plans
 * Periodically scan comic collection for new comics.

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Change default addr to be localhost only
Signed-off-by: Jonas Aaberg <cja@lithops.se>

README.md, after:

# Jomics

Jomics is a simple comic reader server.

Features:
 * Supports cbz and cbr
 * Basic `ComicInfo.xml` support  (Probably it can be developed further.)
 * Folders
 * No configuration files, no databases, no webservers etc.
 * The only dependencies is libc and the kernel.

![jomics](jomics.png "Jomics screenshot")

## Installation

You need the golang toolchain version 1.16 or newer. Then clone the repo, and run

`go get && go build`

All data will be embedded into the `jomics` binary. It is not possible to build
jomics free of libc dependencies due to build constraints in the `go-unarr` package.
`go-unarr` is used to read cbr and cbz.

## Usage
```
Usage of ./jomics:
  -addr string
        Server address.
        Set to ":4531" if you want jomics to be reachable from other computers. (default "localhost:4531")
  -root string
        Comic collection root.
  -th int
        Front page thumb nail size. (default 400)
  -webroot string
        For reverse proxy servers use.
```
When jomics starts it will start with generate front cover thumb nails of all new album.
If you change the thumb nail size, new thumb nails will be generated.
Then point your favorite browser to `localhost:4531` if you are using the address.

## Security
There is none. It is just a comics reader server.

## Privacy
No personal data is stored by jomics, neither server side nor as cookies ETC on the client.
Jomics behaves precisely as physical comic albums. (Except that the comic albums are sorted alphabetical when
presented) You have to book mark where you are if you can't remember, and you have to sort your albums yourself
into different shelves (directories) as well.

## Third party packages
 * The folder icon is taken from http://www.clker.com/clipart-simple-file-folder.html (resized & included)
 * The CSS framework used https://picocss.com/ (included)
 * http://github.com/OpenPeeDeeP/xdg for cache directory.
 * http://github.com/disintegration/imaging is used to resize images.
 * http://github.com/gen2brain/go-unarr for uncompressing zip and rar archives.

## Future plans
 * Periodically scan comic collection for new comics.

## License
MIT
